Calibration parameters are provided for every chemical compound expected to be found in mixture.
Contribution of individual compound toward multiple peaks depends on the following factors:

1) Isotope combinations. Ratios of stable isotopes are constant around the Earth and can be easily looked up by database. See "IsotopeCalculator.py" program for predicting isotope ration of molecule based in isotope ratios of atoms
2) Cracking reactions. Since those are first-order reactions; and parameters of reactions (geometry of chamber, energy of electrons and etc.) do not change over time; ratio of produced peaks is expected to remain equivalent

Since isotope composition do not effect chemical properties of compounds, isotope calculation can be applied to whole cracking pattern obtained in step 2.

3) Recombination reactions. Occur when product of cracking reaction interact with another molecule. For example, M/Z = 41 peak is observed in H2 + Ar mixture since H+ ion reacts with Ar atom to produce ArH+ ion. Peaks, produced during those reactions, are not used for computations due to difficult linear algebra being involved


For the analysis, following chemical compounds are considered to be present in the mixture: 

    CO2 - M/Z: 44, 28, 29, 16
    CO - M/Z: 28, 12, 16  Do we consider CO as separate compound???
    O2 - M/Z: 32, 16, 34
    N2 - M/Z: 28, 14, 29
    He - M/Z: 4
    Ar - M/Z: 36, 38, 40
    CH4 - M/Z: 16, 15, 14
    H2O - M/Z: 18, 17, 16



Questions for the future:

1) Do we take ratio of peaks as constants?
2) If anwser for question one is false, calibration would require multiple samples for inference on overlapping peaks

    Overall need to establish calibration procedure; inclduding frequency, bottles used and etc.

3) Should we consider every peak generated by every compound to get maximal accuracy ; or should we focus only on main peaks ?

    Use of smaller amount of peaks will result in higher uncertainty for least-square solution as a whole. 
    However, we should care about uncertainty of concentrations ; not uncertainty of equation solution.
    For example, if we ignore peaks 45,47 and etc. for CO2, we will end up with greater uncertainty of least-square solution;
    However, we will still estimate concentration of CO2 correctly by the peak 44, and this solution might even be more accurate as only peak with highest measurement accuracy is taken into the account